[Music]
Hey guys, be careful
because the information I'm getting is
laughable. Well, it's laughable for us,
obviously for these people, it's laughable for
no one else. They've been trying to
suspend the trial so that this never happens. Well,
I don't even know how many times, no, I don't even know how many
times they've suspended the
trial. But it turns out that we have
confirmed the date of the trial of
Rosario Mohedano. Well, of her husband, or
rather, of Rosario Mohedano's husband. You
already know that this case is being handled by the great
lawyer Ivan Hernandez against him, the
owners of the
Quartz and Mandarin TV factory. Okay, prepared because you
already know that a few days ago
it came to light that on June 13th,
the owners of the TV factories were going to testify
regarding
Operation Luna. You know what date the
trial is in the same court in Plaza
Castilla. Yes,
June 13th, June 13th is the
trial of Chayo's husband,
well, to put
the owners of these production companies in the dock who, in
their day, could have committed an act.
alleged crime of revealing
secrets by taking out the police file of
Chayo's husband and violating his image
no then we will see what
happens I imagine that they will try to
make more excuses and more obstacles I have
felt bad I have to give him a doctor I have had
a very bad day at work and we are
irreplaceable he is exemplary I
think that there will be a trial
definitively I do not think they will give him more more more
than what they suspend him and
we will really see what happens because
the truth is that justice often leaves
much to be desired but let's see if finally
something happens and well we will be pending
of what is there family what do you think
you are reading I send you a
huge hug and see you in the
next video
[Music]